NATS Manager Documentation for Contributor (#93)
kyma-project/nats-manager: docs/contributor/troubleshooting.md

# Troubleshooting

This document contains tips and tricks to common problems with the NATS Manager and will be updated continuously.

> 

Reviewer: consider moving the Troubleshooting section from the Installation doc to this doc.

# Troubleshooting

This document contains tips and tricks to common problems with the NATS Manager and will be updated continuously.

## Troubleshooting: Installing NATS Manager using a Docker image

### Error while deploying the NATS Manager

**Symptom:** `make deploy` step fails due to namespace not found

Error message: `Error from server (NotFound): error when creating "STDIN": namespaces kyma-system not found`

**Cause:** The namespace of the deployment does not exist yet.

**Remedy:** Create the namespace.

   ```sh
   kubectl create ns kyma-system
   ```

### Error during XXX / STH does not turn ready

**Symptom:** The NATS CR has an error status and a Stateful Set for NATS was not created.

> **Cause:** [Istio](https://istio.io) is the service mesh needed to connect the services. Without Istio installed, the NATS instance is not initialized.

Reviewer 2: Is this valid? NATS-manager works without istio as well.

This document contains tips and tricks to common problems with the NATS Manager and will be updated continuously.

## Troubleshooting: Installing NATS Manager using a Docker image

### Error while deploying the NATS Manager

> **Symptom:** `make deploy` step fails due to namespace not found

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Symptom:** The `make deploy` step fails with the following error message:
```

> Error message: `Error from server (NotFound): error when creating "STDIN": namespaces kyma-system not found`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Error from server (NotFound): error when creating "STDIN": namespaces kyma-system not found`
```

> **Cause:** The namespace of the deployment does not exist yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Cause:** The Namespace of the Deployment does not exist yet.
```

[We capitalize Kubernetes resources](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/docs/guidelines/content-guidelines/02-style-and-terminology.md)

> **Remedy:** Create the namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Remedy:** Create the Namespace.
```
